you
a has was 20 years old when he became
King and he reigned 16 years in
Jerusalem and he did not do what was
right in the sight of the Lord as his
father David had done for he walked in
the ways of the kings of Israel and made
molded images for the bales he burnt
incense in the valley of the son of
Hinnom and burned his children in the
fire according to the abominations of
the nations whom the Lord had cast out
before the children of Israel and he
sacrificed and burned incense on the
high places on the hills and under every
Green Tree therefore the Lord his God
delivered him into the hand of the king
of Scilly they defeated him and carried
away a great multitude of them as
captives and brought them to Damascus
then he was also delivered into the hand
of the king of Israel who defeated him
with a great slaughter for pker the son
of ram Alaia killed 120 thousand in
Judah in one day all valiant men because
they had forsaken the Lord God of their
fathers zik ray a mighty man of ephraim
killed may Aesir the king's son Ezra can
the officer over the house and elkanah
who was second to the king and the
children of Israel carried away captive
of their brethren 200-thousand women
sons and daughters and they also took
away much spoil from them and brought
the spoil to Samaria but a prophet of
the Lord was there whose name was Oded
and he went out before the army that
came to Samaria
because the Lord God of your father's
was angry with Judah he has delivered
them into your hand but you have killed
them in a rage that reaches up to heaven
and now you propose to force the
children of Judah and Jerusalem to be
your male and female slaves but are you
not also guilty before the Lord your God
now hear me therefore and return the
captives who you have taken captive from
your brethren for the fierce wrath of
the Lord is upon you then some of the
heads of the children of Ephraim Azariah
at the son of Joh Haman barek are the
son of Michelin off G his kaya the son
of Shalem and a Mesa the son of Hadley I
stood up against those who came from the
war and said to them you shall not bring
the captives here for we already have
offended the Lord you intend to add to
our sins and to our guilt for our guilt
is great and there is fierce wrath
against Israel so the armed men left the
captives and the spoil before the
leaders and all the assembly then the
men who were designated by name Rosa and
took the captives and from the spoil
they clothed all who were naked among
them dressed them and gave them sandals
gave them food and drink and anointed
them and they let all the feeble ones
ride on donkeys so they brought them to
their brethren at Jericho the city of
palm trees
then they return to Samaria at the same
time King Ahaz sent to the kings of
Assyria to help him for again the
had come attacked Judah and
carried away captives the Philistines
also had invaded the cities of the
lowland and of the south of Judah and
had taken beth shemesh adilyn Yadira
soko with its villages Timna with its
villages and ginzu with its villages and
they dwelt there for the Lord brought
Judah Loew
because of a has king of Israel for he
had encouraged moral decline in Judah
and had been continually unfaithful to
the Lord also TIG laughs Belleza king of
Assyria came to him and distressed him
and did not assist him for a has took
part of the treasures from the house of
the Lord from the house of the king and
from the leaders and he gave it to the
king of Assyria
but he did not help him
now in the time of his distress King
Ahaz became increasingly unfaithful to
the Lord this is that King Ahaz for he
sacrificed to the gods of Damascus which
had defeated him because the gods are
the kings of Syria helped them I will
sacrifice to them that they may help me
but they were the ruin of him and of all
Israel so a has gathered the articles of
the house of God cut in pieces the
articles of the house of God shut up the
doors of the house of the Lord and made
for himself altars in every corner of
Jerusalem and in every single city of
Judah he made high places to burn
incense to other gods and provoked to
anger the lord god of his father's now
the rest of his acts and all his ways
from first to last indeed they are
written in the book of the kings of
judah and israel so a has rested with
his father's and they buried him in the
city in jerusalem but they did not bring
him into the tombs of the kings of
israel
then Hezekiah his son reigned in his
place